Hello, I'm Kesha Williams.
I've been in the IT industry for over 20 years.
I've taught technical courses at the university level for over 11.
I currently serve as a software engineering manager,
leading and mentoring engineers as they build next-generation cloud applications.
I've worked on multiple projects to migrate legacy applications to the cloud,
using Amazon Web Services, AWS.
I hold several AWS certifications,
and I've helped countless others achieve certification.
I routinely lead innovation teams to research
cloud AI services and was recently named an Alexa Champion by Amazon.
I'm thrilled to be on this cloud journey with you.
So let's get started.